java c
Data   Analysis   Assignment 
PS931   -   Bayesian   Approaches   to   Behavioural   Science 
Spring   Term   2025   (updated:   2024-11-27) 
• This assessment counts for 42% of your overall grade. 
• Submission Instructions: Submit   your   solution   as one html or   pdf document   containing   both   R   code,   R output,   ﬁgures,   and   written   text   (i.e.,   full   sentences)   to Tabula as   “Data   Analysis   Assignment”,   by midday (12 noon), Monday, 17th February 2025 .
•    Please   use   RMarkdown to   create   the   document.
• Important: Your   document   should   be   called   YOUR-STUDENT-ID_daa      (followed   by   the   correct   ﬁle   extension).   Please   also   add your   student   ID to   the top   of   the   document.    To   enable   anonymous   marking,   please   refrain   from   using   your   name   in   either   the   document   script   or   the   ﬁle   name.
•      Your   text   does   not   need   to   contain   references   (i.e.,   references   to   scientiﬁc   papers).
General Guidelines 
There   are   two   tasks.   Your   answers   should   have two separate sections for each task,   one   immediately   after   the   other.In   the   ﬁrst   section,   write   out   your   answers   using   complete   sentences,   as   you   would   for   the   results   section   of a   paper.   Include   descriptive   statistics   in   the   text,   tables   or   ﬁgures,   as   appropriate.      Tables   and   ﬁgures   should   be   of publication   quality   (i.e.,   fully   labelled,   etc.).   Integrate   inferential   statistics   into   your   description   of the   results.   Your   answers   might   be   quite   short. Given the validity of the statistical analysis, the ﬁrst section will play the main role for your mark. The   second   section   should   include   the   complete   R   code   that   you   used   and   its   output.   Add   comments   (using      a   #)   to   explain   what   the   code   does.      The   code   should   show   all   of the   commands   that   you   used;   enough   to      replicate   exactly   what   you   did   (I   will   be   copying   and   pasting   code   to   run   checks,   so   make   sure   that   works).   You   can   include   additional   ﬁgures   in   the   second   section   that   you   used   to   explore   the   data,   which   you   do   not      wish   to   include   in   the   ﬁrst   section.   I   will   use   the   second   section   to   help   identify   the   source   of any   mistakes.   For   practical   reports   and   papers   you   would   only   submit   the   ﬁrst   section;   thus   the   ﬁrst   section   should   stand      alone   without   requiring   the   reader   to   refer   to   the   second   section.To   help   ensure   that   the   instructions   about   the   answer   format   are   clear,   before   turning   to   your   assignment   tasks,   we   ﬁrst   provide   an example question and   an   answer   that   covers   the   key   aspects.    Note   that   the   example   answer   shows   both   parts,   as   is   required   from   you.
Example Question Does   mere   exposure   to   a   stimulus   improve   its   attractiveness?   In   an   initial   stage,   participants   were   exposed   to      a   series   of pseudowords.   Words   were   exposed   for   very   short   durations   with   a   mask.    (Pilot   work   established   that   participants   were   unable   to   report   whether   or   not   a   word   was   presented   before   the   mask   in   these   conditions.)    In   a   second   phase,   a   mixture   of   the   old,   exposed,   pseudowords   and   new,   previously   unseen,   pseudowords   were   presented.      Participants   could   view   each   word   for   as   long   as   they   liked   before   rating   their   liking   for   the   word   on   a   1-10   scale.      Using   the   data   set   mere_exposure   .csv,   test   the   hypothesis   that   mere   exposure   increases   the   attractiveness   of pseudowords.
Example Answer 
Section 1 (example) To   investigate   whether   exposure   to   a   word   improves   its   attractiveness,      32   participants   took   part   in   an   experiment   in   which   their   main   task   was   to   rate   the   attractiveness   of pseudowords   on   a   1-10   scale.      Before   the   main   task,   participants   were   shown   half of the   pseudowords   for   a   very   short   duration   so   that   they   could   not   perceive   them   consciously.      Figure      1   shows   the   distribution   and   means   of   the   attractiveness   ratings   and   suggests   that   pre-exposed   pseudowords   (i.e.,   those   shown   brieﬂy   before   the   main   task)   were   rated   as   more   attractive   than   new,   previously   unseen,   pseudowords.      We   analysed   the   attractiveness   ratings   using   an   ANOVA   with   a   single   repeated-measures   factor   exposure      (old   versus   new).    The   diﬀerence   in   ratings   (diﬀerence   =   1.82,   SE   =   0.12)   was   signiﬁcant,   F   (1,   31)   =   228.33, p < .001, BF10 > 4.9x1012   .Figure 1 . Attractiveness   ratings   of pseudowords   as   a   function   of prior   exposure.    Points   in   the   background   show   the   raw   data   (overlapping   points   are   oﬀset   on   the   x-axis),   black   points   in   the   foreground   show   the   mean,   error   bars   show   95%   within-subjects   conﬁdence   intervals.
Section 2 (example)
library ("tidyverse")
library (   "afex")
library (   "emmeans")
mere_exposure      <- read_csv (   "mere_exposure.csv") 
glimpse(mere_exposure) 
#>    Rows: 32 
#> Columns: 3 #> $ id     1,  2,    3,    4,    5,    6,    7,    8,    9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, ~ #> $ old_ liking     7.4,    6 .5,    6 .8,    7.8,    6 .9,    9.2,    6.2,    7.9,    6 .5,    9 . 1,    7. 6,    8 . 6,~ #> $ new_ liking  5.6,    5.4, 3.4, 5.2,    6.1, 8.0, 4.4,    6.1, 3.1,    6.4,    6 . 1,    7.8,~
me_tidy      <- mere_exposure %>% 
pivot_longer(cols      = -id,      names_to      =    "Exposure"   ,    values_to      =    "Attractiveness") %>% 
mutate (Exposure      = factor(Exposure),    id      = factor (id))
str (me_tidy)
#>    tibble    [64    x 3] (S3:    tbl_df/tbl/data.frame) 
#>       $ id : Factor w/ 32 levels "1","2","3","4", . . :    1    1    2    2    3    3 4 4    5 5    . . . 
#>       $ Exposure : Factor w/ 2 levels "new_ liking","old_ liking":    2    1    2    1    2    1    2    1    2    1    . . .  
#>       $ Attractiveness: num [1:64] 7.4    5.6    6.5    5.4    6.8    3.4    7.8    5.2  6 .9    6 . 1    . . . 
me_tidy %>% 
group_by(Exposure) %>% 
summarise (mean    = mean (Attractiveness), 
sd      = sd(Attractiveness))
#>    # A tibb le:    2    x    3 
#>                Exposure mean s d 
#>       
#>    1 new_ liking 5.74          1.34 
#> 2 old_ liking 7.56 1 . 01 
ggplot(me_tidy, aes (Attractiveness)) + 
geom_histogram() + 
facet_wrap (~Exposure)

(a1      <- aov_ez (id      =    "id"   ,      dv      =    "Attractiveness"   ,   me_tidy,      within    =    "Exposure"))
#> Anova Table (Type 3 tests) 
#> 
#> Response: Attractiven代 写PS931 - Bayesian Approaches to Behavioural Science Spring Term 2025
代做程序编程语言ess #> Effect df MSE F g es    p .value #>    1 Exposure 1,    31 0.23    228 .33    ***       .377 < . 001 #> - - - 
#> Signif. codes:          0 ' *** '    0.001       ' ** '    0.01  ' * '    0.05 ' + '    0.1       '       '    1 
(a2    <- anovaBF(Attractiveness ~ Exposure + id,    data      = data.frame (me_tidy),      whichRandom      =    "id"))
#> Bayes factor analysis 
#> - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
#> [1] Exposure + id :    4 .822112e+12 ±0.85% 
#> 
#> Against    denominator: 
#>             Attractiveness ~ id 
#> - - - 
#> Bayes factor    type: BFlinearModel,    JZS 
pairs (emmeans (a1,    "Exposure"))
#> contrast estimate             SE    df    t .ratio p .value 
#> new_ liking - old_ liking -1 .82 0 . 12    31 -15 . 110          < . 0001 
afex_plot(a1,    "Exposure"   ,      error      =    "within"   ,
factor_levels      = list (Exposure      = c("Old"   ,    "New")), 
data_arg      = list (cex      =      3.5   ,      color      =    "darkgrey"))
Task 1 Decision   making   is   fundamentally   noisy,   and   experimental   participants   will   often   make   diﬀerent   choices   between   the   same   two   risky   alternative   even   during   the   same   experimental   session.   An   interesting   question   is   why   choices   are   inconsistent:      is   it   because   participants’   decisions   are just   inherently   noisy?    Or   perhaps   is   it   because   participants’   deterministic   preferences   are   dynamically   changing   throughout   the   experiment,   and   so   they   only   appear   to   be   stochastic?To   test   whether   participants’   preferences   are   dynamically   changing   it   is   possible   to   manipulate   the   amount   of   time   (i.e.,   number   of intervening   trials)   between   repeated   choices.   If participants’   preferences   are   dynamically   changing,   we   would   expect   that   for   shorter   intervals   between   repeated   choices   that   participants   would   make   more   consistent   decisions   compared   to   the   consistency   for   longer   intervals.The   ﬁle   consistency   .csv contains   simulated   data   about   choice   consistency,   where   participants   were   split   at   random   to   repeat   choices   at   diﬀerent   intervals   (variable   Interval),   where   the   interval   is   the   number   of   intervening   trials.      Participants   (variable   id)   completed   a   long   series   of choices   between   two   alternatives   with   the   repetitions   of various   alternative   pairs   hidden   within   this   series.    The   variable   Consistency   gives   the   proportion   of repeated   choices   for   which   a   participant   made   the   same   choice   across   the   two   repetitions.Please   analyse   the   data   using   both   frequentist   and   Bayesian   linear   regression   models.      The   main   research   question   is   whether   choice   consistency   decreases   with   longer   intervals.   For   this   task   only,   please   implement   your   Bayesian   linear   regression   using   a   variety   of R-based   implementations   and   priors,   including   AIC   and   BIC,   and   compare   your   results   for   robustness   across   these   implementations   and   priors.Present   the   results   as   you   would   in   a   paper,   using   APA   format.      In   other   words,   describe   your   statistical   model   and   results   and   describe   the   conclusions   with   regards   to   the   research   questions.   In   the   ﬁrst   section   of   your   answer   for   this   task,   include   only   one   ﬁgure   (which   may   contain   multiple   panels),   with   an   appropriate   ﬁgure   caption.
Task 2 How   does   the   nature   of decision   making   depend   change   with   repeated   experience?    Certainly   feedback   will   inﬂuence   people’s   later   decisions,   but   do   decisions   change   even   without   feedback?    One   possibility   is   that   people   become   more   normative   with   repeated   experience:   that   their   choices   correspond   more   to   expected   utililty   theory.      That   is,   for   Alternative   A   with   a pA1    probability   of outcome   xA1    and   a pA2    probability   of   outcome   xA2,   people   will   (at   least   implicitly)   convert   this   into   an   expected   utility.   If we   assume   a   power   law   utility   function   with   exponent   0.5,   then   E(uA   ) = pA1(xA1)0.5   +   pA2(xA2)0.5   .      Then   E(uA   )   is   compared   with   the   similarly   calculated   E(uB   ),   and   the   alternative   with   the   higher   expected   utility   is   chosen.Another   possibility   is   that   choices   become   more   heuristic   with   practice:   that   they   alight   on   simple   rules   for   making   choices   that   allow   for   eﬀective   performance   with   little   eﬀort.      For   example,   people   may   begin   to   rely   more   on   simple   features   of the   options   that   allow   them   to   decide   between   them.    One   simple   heuristic   would   be   to   avoid   the   option   that   has   the   lowest   possible   reward.      So   for   Alternative   A,   this   heuristic   value   would   be   hA      = min(xA1,   xA2),   for   Alternative   B   the   heuristic   value   would   be   hB    = min(xB1,   xB2),   and   people   would   choose   Alternative   A   if   hA    > hB .      This   heuristic   will   often   correspond   to   expected   utility,   but   will   not   always   do   so.The   ﬁle   repeated_choice   .csv contains   experimental   data   from   a   repeated   measures   factorial   experiment      that   investigated   how   choices   changed   with   repeated   experience   with   the   choices.    Participants   (   id)   were      presented   with   pairs   of alternatives,   each   with   diﬀerent   probabilities   of two   possible   rewards,   as   above.    There      were   75   alternative   pairs   in   the   experiment,   and   participants   were   presented   with   all   75   pairs   in   each   block.   Over   the   course   of several   days,   participants   completed   6   blocks   (Block)   of the   experiment.    For   each   block   we   calculated   as   a   dependent   variable   the   proportion   of   trials   that   matched   the   predictions   of   expected      utility   (ExpectedUtilityMatch) and the proportion of trials   that   matched   the   predictions   of the   lowest   value      heuristic   (LowestValueMatch).Please   analyse   the   data   using   both   a   frequentist   and   Bayesian   ANOVA   (e.g.,   using   afex   and   BayesFactor), using   post-hoc   tests   where   appropriate,   and   present   the   results   as   you   would   for   a   paper,   using   APA   format.   In   other   words,   describe   your   statistical   model   and   results   and   describe   the   conclusions   with   regard   to   the      research   question.      Be   careful   not   to   draw   unwarranted   causal   conclusions.   In   the   ﬁrst   section   for   this   task,   include   only   one   ﬁgure   (which   may   contain   multiple   panels),   with   an   appropriate   ﬁgure   caption.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
